Hi everyone, I'm Marcelo da Politec.
multimedia and today a question for you
the multimedia integration a citroen ds5
with this one in 2014
and in this case, this car already comes with
RGPS camera fábio
then through a video interface
that I wanted to focus every time people
put tv dvd and an original smart link
of the car , we have access to the
components has been installed.
here ideb the media button for three
seconds and there he accessed a smart link
here we are with samsung galaxy 5
the sporting that he does an experiment in
cell phone
so we can, for example, access
here youtube this musical on youtube
he was not in real time
when one more touch the media he enters
in dvd only if only that the auxiliary
Coiling duty of power has been
installed below and drawings or
sales commands are made by both the
i drive or here by the steering wheel buttons
here again in the media
he plays there on digital tv digital tv at
same thing as I'm done by
chic or through the roberto steering wheel that
the radio
it returns the original system
This was the multimedia integration with the
mobile mirroring via wifi tv and
dvd a citroen ds5 through the door that
multimedia